Add Hermes Inspector Information (#610)
microsoft/react-native-windows-samples: docs/hermes.md

3. Run `pod install`

> Be sure to set your target's deployment target to at least 10.14 before running `pod install`

## Hermes Inspector

> *React Native for Windows* with *Hermes engine* now supports direct JavaScript runtime inspection using tools such as Chrome or Edge `devtools`, `VSCode` debugger, Flipper etc. by implementing an in-process Chrome Debug Protocol server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*React Native for Windows* with *Hermes engine* supports direct JavaScript runtime inspection using tools such as Chrome or [Edge `devtools`](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/), [`VSCode` debugger](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/debugging), [Flipper](https://fbflipper.com/) etc. by implementing an in-process Chrome Debug Protocol server. 
```

Hence, we expect most tooling available on other platforms to just work on Windows. But, as of now, we have tested only with Chrome and Edge `devtools`.

### Steps to enable direct debugging

1. Initialize React Native Host,
   - Turn on `DeveloperSupport` 
   - Turn on `FastRefresh`
   - Turn off `WebDebugger`
   - Turn on `Direct Debugging`
2. Ensure Dev-Server is running
3. Start the application

After the app has booted,

4. Navigate to `edge://inspect` in Edge browser or `chrome://inspect` in Chrome browser
5. Enable **Discover network targets** and **configure** the target discovery settings to include `localhost:8081` (or wherever the metro server is running)
6. Within a few seconds "Hermes React Native" should appear on the page as a remote target
7. Click on the **inspect** link to launch the `devtools` page
8. Click `Ctrl+P` to open source files and set break points
9. Alternatively, you can insert `debugger` statements in source code to break on specific locations

In order to break on locations during boot, you can either

> - `debugger` statements during boot sequence will pause the runtime waiting for debugger to connect

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add `debugger` statements into the boot sequence to pause the runtime waiting for debugger to connect

```

Reviewer: consider making this a code snippet to make it clear that 
```js
  debugger;
``` 
here is literally what to write to break into the debugger.

> - Set break point and refresh the bundle through the Dev Server. The runtime will wait for debugger to attach.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set a break point and refresh the bundle through the Dev Server. The runtime will wait for debugger to attach.

```

### Steps to enable heap profiling

Follow steps 1-7 from above, and then
1. Click on the "Memory" tab in the inspector
2. Heap snapshots and instrumented allocations should be working.

### Enable debugging/profiling on release builds

> We keep the inspector turned off on release builds by default. If you want to debug or profile release builds, set the MSBuild property `EnableHermesInspectorInReleaseFlavor` to `'true'` when building the platform.

Reviewer 2: Do we want to have an example on _how_ to do this? Like maybe the params to pass in run-windows, or how to add it to ExperimentalFeatures.props?

### Known Issues

> 1. CPU Sampling profiler current don't work

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. CPU Sampling profiler currently doesn't work

```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The CPU Sampling profiler doesn't work
```
